hey everyone I'm sure you've heard about
cronuts which is the combination of a
croissant and a donut really popular
right now in New York City well anyway
Jessie from regal bakery they just
opened their third location in Chinatown
and 100 North bertani street has come up
with his own version of cronuts I'm
super excited I figure 2 only way to get
the customers in this store is too crazy
something
only they knew that boy has a pad is
are you how is it an emt tried it a
regular tried it myself I have my
workers try it and was very fun so far
positive everybody said something
different
light and flavorful
I see something different they're
debuting sometime in july I'm right now
he's got a Bavarian you can see this
this is a Bavarian donut cronut sorry
he's got a green tea matcha with white
chocolate and he also has an orange with
guava so very unique flavors to Hawaii
um and I'm just super excited can you
see the layers it's supposed to be like
a croissant but deep fried like a
doughnut which is you know to my
favorite things put together okay ready
oh whoa cool up I don't why I even
bothered to bite it I should just accept
in my mouth oh this is good then I took
a little bit of cream and arm I didn't
expect that Oh ma'am it's thank you
which crunchy I think I think I found my
new favorite resort this is really good
okay it's called cronut it'll be at
regal bakery in Chinatown starting in
july sometime check back here for more
information about it I got to go because
I got a whole box to eat oh this is a
bum mom you gotta try this